I think every costume on this show is
incredibly thought about an impressive
it's kind of a free-for-all because it's
this alternative world it's a real
pleasure to handle these things designed
and made
[Music]
the clothes you wear determine the way
people see it was is interesting the
style of the show and then sort of
period because it's kind of not set in a
particular period again it's we have
that freedom to explore it sort of could
be forties but we push the boundaries of
that and modernize it slightly hey lake
here blue is quite your color that era
where you never without a shot over time
you know even if you're not wearing a
suit you've got a shot at the time and
this made me one of the only times don't
see this shot in time you have to find a
logic there has to be a logic within
Mira's world we've dressed people in non
definable clothing it's trying to mix up
things that exist and create a look that
you believe but this timeless there's
different technologies in Laura's world
they travel by Zeppelin so there would
be certain things fabrics and technology
that would exist in Laura's world so
then that will influence by people dress
constantly really interesting something
surfing military to him even though he's
a he's been a theologian and he's been a
thing he has a scientist he's also an
adventurer and I'm an explorer and with
I think was reflected that really well
I loved the first costume of all of them
but then I got my beautiful fur coat
which is bit of pain when you're doing
location and it's boiling hot in
September but it's great for when you're
at the studio and it's freezing caroline
is an incredible designer and we have
good fun I sleep because of the chips
also he'll the see when you see all of
the extras and everything we were like
oh cool and so we do we have a great old
time with our costumes feel like I
really was well cool this jacket is sick
look at my ring it's a hawk we had to
make a costume that would look of the
earth of the forest like she had just
wrapped rags around her but also be
sturdy enough for her to fly for me to
have a harness underneath my costume I'm
here to help
I'm in awe of them it really it really
helps me as an actor yeah man I have
never dressed more badass in my life
I've worn blouses on stage I've worn why
I made us on stage but like going cowboy
is is is very much my aesthetic
I'm very question should I get I've had
these most inglorious costumes I mean
the best thing about this job is that
you know that she's gonna look good the
shoulder bag might as perhaps it a
little for you
when everything's been made for me as
well so it was a real pleasure to have
all these things designed and made